The content that I have posted has consisted of: Reposts of things I'm interested in, reposts of tweets I like, reposts of art I like, sharing a song that was uploaded for archival, etc. No violation of the rules took place. There was no inauthenticity. There was no impersonation. I would like further elaboration and detail if the decision is not to be overturned. I am very upset with this outcome, and believe it to be entirely invalid. I believe your team has not reviewed my information carefully enough, or has withheld information from me. I have already reviewed the rule on authenticity. I am appealing to reclaim my account, which has been locked and suspended for no reason. Again, there is no impersonation whatsoever taking place. There is no deceit. There is no falsification. I have acted with faith and accordance to the guidelines and rules of X. I request that my account be restored, and that extra detail be given otherwise. I am very frustrated. I would like to retain this account and continue my use, which has been merely to share and repost my interests and follow the creators that I find interesting. This is my description of the problem. I am having trouble accessing my account, yes. It's suspended, and wrongfully so. I would like the decision overturned. I have violated no rule. I had accidentally posted and deleted identical things, yes, this was not a deliberate act of malice, this was accidental, and such repetitions only extended to once or twice as far as I knew. I was having trouble posting and sharing an embedded YouTube video on X, and on YouTube, I removed said video and reuploaded said video, and then deleted my post on X, then posted again another link of the video. This was one singular instance several days ago and should not count as a violation. This was hardly an incident. This was hardly any reason. This is grasping at straws. This is unreasonable. This is outrageous. Please help to restore my account, Support Team. I will be grateful for any kind of help, any kind of response, any kind of update other than the one I have already received, other than complete and permanent loss of the ability to appeal my suspension, other than the increasing of punishment and escalation of severity and the furthering of commitment on this decision that I believe to be in bad faith, and to be entirely unwarranted. I believe an overturning of your decision is entirely warranted. I seek to contribute to the platform. However, that is hardly possible with this issue. I will be extremely upset if I am denied in my appeals, or denied the ability to file any further appeals. Please help restore my account. I will be grateful if this is possible.