"Quit thinking about what exists. You already know it. Start thinking about what doesn't exist. What didn't exist"
Thinking of "thinking of what doesn't exist" — as it happens — is also a thing that exists. It upon itself.
So then self-regurgitation does exist. And so does a self-fueled cascade of self-made corruption. And the nonsensical repetition of insensible things that should — under normal circumstances — be sensible — does tend to happen. Others may experience it in moderation but I've experienced extremities. Meaning loses meaning like the madness of a spherical room where the walls and floors and ceilings and surfaces are all mirrors. Or a recording software recording its recording preview until all that can be recorded and previewed is itself (the recording software) and its own previewed recording preview recording. It upon itself. But the absolute instant I think of non-existent undone unexistent things (what doesn't exist) is the absolute instant that it all stops mattering a little too much.
So it's madness self-oppressive repressive suppressive regressive subjective conjecture subtractive carvings into one's own brain — or it's madness progressive congressive objective additive beautiful works of art. That's the choice. So there's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking down. Just like the lyrics from the song BlackBoxWarrior released by experimental musical artist and singer Will Wood on July 10th, 2020. How do I know? It's 'cuz I'm a wise girl who remembers her songs and just kidding, I googled the date just now in the middle of typing. Anyway back to the topic. So it's regurgitation or becoming the fuel to sustain regurgitation, from others or yourself, 'til they too become the fuel to sustain regurgitation (for others or yourself). Losing the topic is not too uncommon when the topic is non-existence or anything, really. It stops when it stops whenever it stops stop stopping. Just seeing how far I can drag this subject on and on without losing too much meaning or value or wasting too much valuable time.