- The End of Singularity
- You Don't Understand. (My Response/Message/Communication)
- 
- I Am Not My Feelings
- I Am All My Thoughts And Feelings
- Am Not
- Fire Punch
- Court of the Crimson King
- The Lone Resident of Heaven
- The Lone Resident of Heaven (2)
- I Thought You Loved Me For Me
- ENA-core Encore
- The Hanged King
- The King in Yellow
- Queen-B Syndrome
- Queen-B, the Worker
- Zero's Debt 
- Ben 10
- 
- FNaF
- 
- Production
- Mega-Corporation
- Publication

- Quantum Cell
- Hyper Cell
- Unobserved
- Psychopomp
- Quantum Observer
- Upgrade

- The World Hanged Upside Down
- The Vantage Point
- The Singularity
- To Guide Without Guidance
- To Help Without Help
- To Remain Unobserved
- Resource Allocation
- Limbo
- I want to be unknown.
- My contributions unknown.
- My artists unknown 

- I wish to spread my roots. I want people to see the essence of what I really am. I don't want to be observed and judged solely for my superficial and external aspects.
- Psychopomp
- Home is where the heart is.

- Dreamer
- KT/Katrina
- No More Observation
- Quantum Psychopomp 

Pretending 
- NarakuEve / PurgatoryEve 
- eve × eve (eevee)
	- EveHarapeco × NarakuEve
- Purgatory × Purgatory
- ENA
	- Oliver Buckland
	- Graham Kartna
	- Metaroom
- Will Wood × Heaven Pierce Her
- Metaroom × Silentroom
- Heaven Pierce Her × Will Wood
- ENA × Will Wood
- ENA × KATRINA
- ENA × ENATowne
- ENA × Psychopomp
- ENA × Xavier: Renegade Angel
- sasakure.UK × lasah × Mili
- coldrain × ???
- Joel Guerra × Akuma Kira
- Silentroom × Frums × Saruky
- Yi Xi × Stomach Book 
- Joel Guerra × Toby Fox
- Purgatory × Purgatory
- eve × eve (eevee)
- Will Wood × Valve Studio Orchestra
- Stomach Book × Yi Xi × BGRoses × Femtanyl × Camellia × Eve
- Will Wood × Jack Conte
- Will Wood × Psychopomp



- Fire Punch
- Chainsaw Man
- Jujutsu Kaisen
- Edgerunners


- ENATowne
- Dream BBQ × Dream Girl
- Toby Fox × Will Wood
- Lotus Juice
- coldrain × saruky
- coldrain
- Saruky
- Aiobahn+81
- Funkin' Sound Team
- Hatsune Miku
- Kasane Teto
- Akita Neru
- Yi Xi
- The Crimson Garden / Crimson Eden
- The Crimson Grounds 
- 
- six impala
- 
- Hypercross
- ULTRAKILL
- Team Fortress 2

- Silentroom × Saruky
- Metaroom × Saruky
- Metaroom × Silentroom × Saruky
- 
- Hypercross
- ULTRAKILL
- Jujutsu Kaisen
- Chainsaw Man
- Cyberpunk: Edgerunners
- Hyperpunk × Edgerunners
- KawaiSprite
- Turtle Head: Unmasked
- INMIMB
- Off
- One-Shot
- 
- Goodbye
- The Hanged King
- The King in Yellow 
- The Lone Resident
- The Crimson King
- Remain Positive

- ENA × Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion
- Joel Guerra × Akuma Kira

- Boundary
- Boundary Manipulation 
- Upper Limit 
- Lower Limit
- Quantum Limit
- Outer Limit
- Inner Limit
- Threshold 
- Minimum 
- Quantum
- Maximum
- Yukari Yakumo 
- Neither Happiness Nor Sorrow 
- It.
- It — as it is — in the way that it is.
- In Between.
- Stopping A Little Short From Failure.
- Without Mistake.
- "Within and Without"
- Stopping A Little Early.
- Acting
- Switching
- Decrease Maximum Buffer/Latency 
- The Reversal of Centuries of Mistakes 
- of 
- How abstract...
- Your god that you seek to forsake and defy...
- What I can't see...
- What I can't feel but can feel...
- What...
- I Exist Between...
- Limbo Girl.
- Limbo Singularity.
- Liminal...
- Decreasing the space in which i exist...
- Action, the Apparent Antithesis to Emotion & Feeling
- Separation & Cooperation Rather Than Empty Opposition
- What you want...
- What you don't want.

- Eternity Breaker
- Heart Breaker
- Depth Piercer
- Wave Breaker